The Joe Rogan experience.
You know, that was why not buy Greenland, why not buy Greenland?
And then when that came out, what's wrong with that? We bought Alaska. Well,
we leased it Alaska. So yeah, we were supposed to give it back, but we,
we didn't.
It seems like Greenland would be a good place to scoop up,
especially as things get warmer. Right? Yeah.
Exactly. And the.
Tweet that he made when he put the Trump tower,
I promise not to do this and have a giant Trump tower in the middle of the
Greenland. I was laughing my off. I'm like you love or hate.
That is hilarious.
His trolling skills are, are top-notch. They're very good.
They're they're fantastic. Oh.
With people when he starts calling people crazy or it gives him a nickname,
like it's so good because like he, it sticks. Oh.
Yes. I mean,
part of me wants to see a Trump button race next year, just for that reason.
It's just because the, the abuse will be unbelief. I mean,
not that I'm encouraging that necessarily, but just as a spectacle,
it's going to be unbelievable.
You can tell that he he's salivating at the idea of, of bi-modal.
Yeah.
Biden to me is like having a flashlight with a dying battery and
going for a long hike in the woods.
It is not going to work out. It's not going to make it.
Yeah, no, he's.
He's so faded.
He, you know,
he has his moments on the campaign trail where he'll be speaking and you
know, these guys do the same speech over and over again,
so they can kind of do it on cruise control. But every now and then he'll,
he'll stop in the middle of it. And this look of terror comes over. Like,
where am I? You know, what town am I in? You know? Like he, he,
he confused. He thought he was in Vermont. Uh, when he was in New Hampshire.
I'm sorry. Yeah, he was, he got those states confused with like,
what's not to love about Vermont. He was in New Hampshire. Uh, you know,
that can happen obviously, but it happens to him a lot, but he's.
Okay. Clearly old. Yeah. You know what I mean? He's not much older than Trump.
Right. But he needs to get on the same pills.
Yeah. Yeah. Actually that thing, we should get a go fund me to by smashing.
If they just filled him up with steroids and just jacked him up with
amphetamines, how to go in after Trump,
because I really think he needs something like that. He,
whatever he's doing on the natch, it's not working. Right. Yeah.
Yeah. He's too tired. He needs a little bit of enhancement. It's not.
Going to work. If he, if he gets the nomination, the Democrats are. I just,
I don't see. I don't see him. I don't see him with standing.
The barrage to Trump is gonna throw at him. Trump's gonna take him out.
Like Tyson took out Marvis, Frazier just got, it was a bad mind. It was a bop.
That was a bad fight. It's going to be that kind of fight. Right.
He's just got a bomb on him. Doesn't have a chance.
He can't stand with that guy. He doesn't have a chance to,
he's also to impress with himself.
Yes. He's too used to people differing. Like.
He thinks like the things he says,
make sense and are cool and are profound when they're just bland.
He just serving bad meatloaf. And he's like Tata. And you're like, no,
this is bad, man.
Yeah. That's how he got to be. Vice-president by being just bland enough, right.
To, to get whatever constituency Obama was trying to get.
But you saw that exchange when he called Trump an existential threat earlier
this year. And Trump basically, he just went off on him. You know, Joe,
Joe's a dummy is not the guy who used to be like, you know, yeah.
That's going to be every day, you know, every minute of every day.
And then other people.
We're going to chime in. Cause they love it. People love piling on. Oh yeah.
And his fans, oh my God.
The he's the king where people never had a representative before.
There's a lot of out there. Like, ah, where's my guy. Right. Then finally, bam,
look at this area's made it to the white house. Holy.
I can be an. Now the president's an. He wants me to be an. Lock her up,
lock her up, lock her up. Yeah. Totally call that.
I mean that that's going to wear on a guy. I mean, if.
You've been doing one of Trump's rallies, no chance.
I can't, I have to wear a rubber nose.
I've covered them. And they're unbelievable. First of all,
the t-shirts are amazing.
You know like Trump 20, 20, your feelings. You know what I mean? Like,
or Trump as the Punisher, you know, it's like the Punisher skull with the thing,
like it's, it's a, it's it's amazing in the crowds.
It's like totally out of idiocrasy.
Is there a Punisher skull with a Trump wig on it? Yeah. Oh my goodness.
I'm going to have to get one.
I mean he's there's there. Oh, the t-shirts are.
We have one JP knows such a loud laugh.
Oh my God. It's a red, white and blue American flag.
Skull Punisher style with a Trump, Trump wig on it. So I saw that.
I need that chair. I saw it. Wasn't the one red, white and blue one.
It was the blue, it was the one with the black. And I saw that on my God, uh,
on like an eight year old kid. Right.
It was like a mother with her little kids in the Trump Punisher.
But do they sell that shirt on Amazon? Can you find out the shot?
I'm sure it's being sold everywhere is now. Oh my God.
I know God he's people.
Cool. I mean the, the, the merchants, he is,
he's the most t-shirt president in history. I mean,
Trump 2020 grabbing by the again, like, boy, I mean,
they, they like embrace that. It's the, the,
the trolling aspect of all of it is like the fun part for his crowds.
What they get off on is how, how freaked out,
you know, quote unquote liberal audiences are by their appearance,
their attitude and everything. And they lean into it. You know what I mean?
Which is, which is interesting, you know,
that kind of like group comradery thing that you don't really find that on the
campaign trail, on the democratic side, it's different. I mean,
it's a different vibe entirely, but yeah, it's crazy.
Well, it's dumb. And that's,
that's the thing that he sort of like captured is this place where you can be
dumb. Like it's fun to be dumb and say, grab her by the. Like everybody knows.
That's kind of a dumb thing to say publicly, of course,
but you can say it there because he said it, yay. You know, build that wall,
build that wall. Yay. Right? Like it's like, it's this chance to like,
shut off any possibility of getting over like 70 RPM.
Like you were going to cut this off at 70. There's no high function here.
I'm going to cut it off at 70 and just let it rip. Right.
Yeah. No, totally, totally. And,
and it's funny the way you say that, uh, they, all,
everybody knows. It's a dumb thing to say. Right? So like,
I would talk to people at the crowds and you know,
I'll talk to like a 65 year old grandmother and you say,
do you agree with everything that Trump says? And like almost the last,
they all say, well, I wish he hadn't said this particular thing. Right.
But they're all there chanting, you know what I mean? Like they're all into it.
And the crowds are, they're so huge.
Like I was in Cincinnati and I was late to one of his events and I made the
mistake that I couldn't drive in because they blocked off all the bridges,
if you've ever been there. Right. I was in the Kentucky side.
So I had to walk like three miles away and like walk over a bridge.
And I thought I was going to be the only person there.
And it was like something out of a scifi movie.
It was just like a line of manga hats,
like extending over a bridge all the way into Kentucky, like a mile down a road.
I mean, they had to turn with thousands of people to get into this event.
It was, it was incredible. And that people that see it was like 17 or 18,000,
it was the, you know, the, um, uh, I forgot what they would arena.
That is it's the, it's the indoor one.
The size of those places.
He's the only one that could pull those kinds of crowns period. There's no,
no one, no one can do that. You know.
Bernie and Warren have had big crowds. Bernie had a,
he had a 25,000 person crowd in Queens a couple of weeks
ago. You'll see crowds that big,
but Trump's crowds are just dating back to 2016.
They're just consistently huge everywhere. And, uh,
and again,
this gets back to what I was saying before all the reporters saw this and they
all saw that Hillary was having real trouble getting four and 5,000 people into
her events. And so we all, you know, we were all talking to each other, like,
that's gotta be in a thing that's gonna, you know,
play a role in the election eventually,
but nobody kind of brought it up or they, they explained it.
Well, I think they felt like if you discussed it and brought it up,
that somehow or another, you,
you were contributing to Trump being Trump
winning.
Right. But that's a,
that's a fallacious way to look at it because covering up the reality of the
situation, I think created a false sense of security for Democrats.
And they thought they were going to win by a landslide. Right.
That's what everybody was saying, but it wasn't true. I mean, there were,
there were serious red flags throughout the campaign for Hillary and people I
think were too afraid to,
to bring up a lot of this stuff because they didn't want to be seen,
it's helping Trump, but that's not what the business is about.
We're not supposed to be, you know, helping faculty facts. Don't have, you know,
political indications. We're just supposed to tell you what we see.